Lab 1:
1. Check if your processor supports Intel/AMD virtualization technology. Enable Intel virtualization technology in BIOS if possible.

2. The cloud is almost everywhere in our lives now. What do you think are the fundamental reasons behind its success? Name three pros and three cons of cloud.

Pros

    Accessibility
    
        The cloud allows us to access all of our data from anywhere at anytime provided we have a functional networked device.

    Storage
    
        By loading off resources to the cloud, we have more available storage on our personal devices
     
    Disaster Recovery
    
        When a single device fails, any data on that device may be lost forever. With cloud, redundancy is built into data storage that helps
        prevent that data from being completely lost despite disasters.

Cons
    
    Network Reliance

        Without access to any functional network connection, none of the data in the cloud may be accessed. Additionally, depending on the size of
        the data, it might take a while to transfer from the cloud to physical devices. 

    Security

        Any data available on the cloud has a larger attack vector. Since any machine with a network connection can access the cloud, that means bad actors
        may also access it, if they find any vunerable exploits.

    Control

        You usually don't own your own cloud storage. Individuals and Businesses alike tend to pay a subscription service to a cloud storage provider (after the
        free tier limits have been passed). This means your cloud storage provider is in control of your data, it is as secure as they are. You may not want to store
        some of your more sensitive data due to this.

3. What is the primary function of a hypervisor in virtualization?

    A Hypervisor's primary function is to enable the creation and management of virtual machines on the physical host device. 

4. What is a virtual machine (VM)?

    A Virtual Machine is software that emulates a computer system, allowing the user to run multiple operating systems
    on the physical host device.

5. What are the benefits of using virtual machines?

    Some of the benefits of Virtual Machines allow for optimized use of resources, isolation of unique development enviroments, 
    and reduce the need for multiple physical devices. 

6. List five use cases of virtual machines.

    1. Server Consolidation - Deploying multiple servers on a single physical device for the sake of efficient resource usage
    2. Development & Testing - Virtualization allows developers test code in multiple unique enviroments without requiring multiple devices
    3. Resource Isolation - Isolating resources improves security but allowing executable code only work within the guest virtual machine instead of the host system
    4. Temporary Workloads - Virtual Machines may be deployed on a task-by-task basis and can be discarded and or shut down when not in use.
    5. Application Compatiability - Enviroments can be created to run applications that do not work well with the host operating system

7. In virtualization, what is the guest operating system?

    b) The operating system installed on a virtual machine

8. What does virtual machine isolation mean?

    c) Virtual machines run independently and are isolated from each other and the host system.

9. What is the benefit of virtual machine portability?

    c) It allows virtual machines to be moved between different physical machines with compatible hypervisors.

10. What is the purpose of cloning a virtual machine?

    Some key purposes of cloning a virtual machine are as follows:

        Scaling
        
            When dealing with tasks that cannot be handled by one virtual machine, the developer can clone the initial configuration and then deploy
            multiple instances of it to handle all available tasks

        Parallel Processing

            By cloning a virtual machine, developers can reduce the time a task requires to compeltely succssfully by running each instance in
            parallel (at the same time ).

        Disaster Recovery / Snapshots

            Clones of a virtual machine may act as a snapshot of the state of that machine at the time of cloning. This helps increase redundancy
            in case of failure.

        Rapid Deployment

            Cloning a virtual machine allows users to deploy multiple instances easily without the need for major additional configuration, which in turn
            helps enable scaling and parallel processing.
            